  * [Public Records](https://publiclibraries.com/public-records/)
  * [Obituaries](https://publiclibraries.com/obituaries/)

[State Public Libraries](https://publiclibraries.com/state/)

[Alabama](https://publiclibraries.com/state/alabama/)
[Alaska](https://publiclibraries.com/state/alaska/)
[Arizona](https://publiclibraries.com/state/arizona/)
[Arkansas](https://publiclibraries.com/state/arkansas/)
[California](https://publiclibraries.com/state/california/)
[Colorado](https://publiclibraries.com/state/colorado/)
[Connecticut](https://publiclibraries.com/state/connecticut/)
[Delaware](https://publiclibraries.com/state/delaware/) [District of
Columbia](https://publiclibraries.com/state/district-of-columbia/)
[Florida](https://publiclibraries.com/state/florida/)
[Georgia](https://publiclibraries.com/state/georgia/)
[Hawaii](https://publiclibraries.com/state/hawaii/)
[Idaho](https://publiclibraries.com/state/idaho/)
[Illinois](https://publiclibraries.com/state/illinois/)
[Indiana](https://publiclibraries.com/state/indiana/)
[Iowa](https://publiclibraries.com/state/iowa/)
[Kansas](https://publiclibraries.com/state/kansas/)
[Kentucky](https://publiclibraries.com/state/kentucky/)
[Louisiana](https://publiclibraries.com/state/louisiana/)
[Maine](https://publiclibraries.com/state/maine/)
[Maryland](https://publiclibraries.com/state/maryland/)
[Massachusetts](https://publiclibraries.com/state/massachusetts/)
[Michigan](https://publiclibraries.com/state/michigan/)
[Minnesota](https://publiclibraries.com/state/minnesota/)
[Mississippi](https://publiclibraries.com/state/mississippi/)
[Missouri](https://publiclibraries.com/state/missouri/)
[Montana](https://publiclibraries.com/state/montana/)
[Nebraska](https://publiclibraries.com/state/nebraska/)
[Nevada](https://publiclibraries.com/state/nevada/) [New
Hampshire](https://publiclibraries.com/state/new-hampshire/) [New
Jersey](https://publiclibraries.com/state/new-jersey/) [New
Mexico](https://publiclibraries.com/state/new-mexico/) [New
York](https://publiclibraries.com/state/new-york/) [North
Carolina](https://publiclibraries.com/state/north-carolina/) [North
Dakota](https://publiclibraries.com/state/north-dakota/)
[Ohio](https://publiclibraries.com/state/ohio/)
[Oklahoma](https://publiclibraries.com/state/oklahoma/)
[Oregon](https://publiclibraries.com/state/oregon/)
[Pennsylvania](https://publiclibraries.com/state/pennsylvania/) [Rhode
Island](https://publiclibraries.com/state/rhode-island/) [South
Carolina](https://publiclibraries.com/state/south-carolina/) [South
Dakota](https://publiclibraries.com/state/south-dakota/)
[Tennessee](https://publiclibraries.com/state/tennessee/)
[Texas](https://publiclibraries.com/state/texas/)
[Utah](https://publiclibraries.com/state/utah/)
[Vermont](https://publiclibraries.com/state/vermont/)
[Virginia](https://publiclibraries.com/state/virginia/)
[Washington](https://publiclibraries.com/state/washington/) [West
Virginia](https://publiclibraries.com/state/west-virginia/)
[Wisconsin](https://publiclibraries.com/state/wisconsin/)
[Wyoming](https://publiclibraries.com/state/wyoming/) [US Virgin
Islands](https://publiclibraries.com/state/us-virgin-islands/)

Publiclibraries.com has been promoting public libraries online since it
launched in 1999. We have provided regularly updated directory listings for
library systems and all their branch locations across the United States.

The listings are organized by state (or territory) and they contain the
physical address and contact phone number for each library. We try hard to
keep the directory up to date and we welcome additions, updates, deletions and
corrections to our listings.

Note that each state only contains listings for public libraries. Government
libraries like the Library of Congress and academic libraries at colleges and
universities are not included in the state listings. Also libraries at local
elementary, middle or high schools are also not included.

We periodically receive requests for a copy of our entire database to be used
for mailing lists or other purposes. We do not offer this service as most of
the librarians we talk to prefer not to be included in mailing lists.

If you would like to make changes or corrections to our listings, you can use
the contact us link at the bottom of the page.

#### Social

[![](https://publiclibraries.com/images/facebook-
icon.png)](http://www.facebook.com/PublicLibraries)
[![](https://publiclibraries.com/images/twitter-
icon.png)](https://twitter.com/PubLibs)  
  
  

